Jesus said:
“Come to terms quickly with your enemy before it is too late and you are dragged into court, handed over to an officer, 
and thrown in jail.”
Gospel of Matthew 5.25

Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live.

Honey, I just need to debug this program and be home in 5 minutes.

“A ship in the harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.”

"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm." 
Winston Churchill

"I can do it quick; I can do it well; I can do it cheap - pick any two." Red Adair

“To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions.” – Benjamin Franklin

"We live, as we dream alone" 
- Joseph Conrad (English novelist, 1857-1924) 

"When I hear somebody sigh, "Life is hard," 
I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?""
- Sydney J. Harris
 
"Between the conception and the creation 
between the emotion and the response 
Falls the shadow"
- Joseph Conrad (English novelist, 1857-1924)

"It occurred to me that my speech or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility"
- Joseph Conrad (English novelist, 1857-1924)

"I dream for a living" 
- Steven Spielberg

"The factory of the future will have only two employees, a man and a dog. The man will be there to feed the dog. The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment."
Warren Bennis

"As our circle of knowledge expands, so does the circumference of darkness surrounding it"

"Ninety nine percent of failure comes from people who have the habit of making excuses"  George W Carver

"Never argue with a stupid person. They will eventually bring you down to their level and win… based on experience :-)"

"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind" Dr Seuss

"Beauty and danger have always been a potent combination. Look in the mirror and find another fool to that folly."

"Kids born in 1987 view e-mail as a way to talk to old people"

"In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing" - Theodore Roosevelt

"Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work."  Peter Drucker